Use single quote as apostrophe (#3395)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_restoring-from-incremental-backups.adoc

.Procedure
. Restore the last full backup using the instructions in xref:Restoring_from_a_Full_Backup_{context}[].

> . Remove the full backup data from {ProjectServer}'s local file system, for example, `/var/` or `/var/tmp/`.
> . Copy the incremental backup data to {ProjectServer}'s local file system, for example, `/var/` or `/var/tmp/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove the full backup data from the local file system of {ProjectServer}, for example, `/var/` or `/var/tmp/`.
. Copy the incremental backup data to the local file system on {ProjectServer}, for example, `/var/` or `/var/tmp/`.
```

Author: I have reworded both lines to "_on_ Foreman Server".
